README.md, before:

# ![Coldest Night](header.png)
_Space is lonely_  
__A stealth-focused RPG in Godot__  
__Version 0.1.0__  
__Krobbizoid Proprietary-Open Game Development License__ -
https://krobbi.github.io/license/2021/kpogdl.txt  
__Copyright &copy; 2021 Chris Roberts__ (Krobbizoid)  
_All rights reserved._

# Contents
1. [About](#about)
2. [Demo](#demo)
3. [Known Issues](#known-issues)
   * [Issues Affecting MacOS](#issues-affecting-macos)
   * [Issues Affecting Windows](#issues-affecting-windows)
4. [Documentation](#documentation)
5. [Credits](#credits)
   * [Development Team](#development-team)
   * [Tools and Resources](#tools-and-resources)
6. [License](#license)

# About
Coldest Night is a stealth-focused RPG made in [Godot](https://godotengine.org).
The game is in very early development and currently only contains basic
movement, background music, and a radar display.

Running the game creates the directories `krobbizoid/coldest_night` alongside
the Godot editor data/settings folder (in `%AppData%` on Windows). This
directory is known as `user://`.

Quitting the game creates a `settings.cfg` file in the `user://` directory. This
is an INI-style file containing display settings for the game.

# Demo
Pre-built demo versions of Coldest Night are not yet available. The Godot
project source for the game can be found in the `src/` directory of this
repository.

# Known Issues
You may encounter the following issues when running Coldest Night:

## Issues Affecting MacOS
* The MacOS native icons do not contain a 48x48 pixel icon image.

## Issues Affecting Windows
* Using an audio playback format with a sample rate other than 44100 Hz may
cause game audio to be distorted.

# Documentation
Documentation for Coldest Night is not yet available.

# Credits

## Development Team
__Lead Developer__ -
* [Krobbizoid (Chris Roberts)](https://twitter.com/krobbizoid)

## Tools and Resources
_The following credits list publicly-available tools and resources used in the
production of Coldest Night. These credits are not affiliated with Coldest Night
or its copyright holders._

__Game Engine__ -
* [Godot](https://godotengine.org) by
[its authors](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/blob/master/AUTHORS.md)

__Image Editor__ -
* [Krita](https://krita.org) by [KDE](https://kde.org)

__Color Palette__ -
* [Faraway48](https://lospec.com/palette-list/faraway48) by
[Igor Ferreira (Diemorth)](https://twitter.com/diemorth)

__Bitmap Font to TTF Converter__ -
* [Pixel Font Converter](https://yal.cc/r/20/pixelfont) by
[Vadim (YellowAfterlife)](https://twitter.com/yellowafterlife)

__Digital Audio Workstation__ -
* [LMMS](https://lmms.io) by
[its contributors](https://github.com/LMMS/lmms/graphs/contributors)

# License
Krobbizoid Proprietary-Open Game Development License -
https://krobbi.github.io/license/2021/kpogdl.txt

---

```
Krobbizoid Proprietary-Open Game Development License

Copyright (c) 2021 Chris Roberts
All rights reserved.

1. Definitions
- 'The License' refers to this license text, the Krobbizoid Proprietary-Open
Game Development License.

- 'The Copyright Holders' or 'COPYRIGHT HOLDERS' refers to the copyright holder
or copyright holders shown above in The License.

- 'Other Entities' refers to any person or organization other than
The Copyright Holders.

- 'The Software' or 'THE SOFTWARE' refers to any software or other files
included with or associated with The License.
'The Software' may include, but is not limited to: executable files, bundled
assets intended for use with executable files, documentation files, source
code, images, audio, video, text, configuration files, data files, and project
settings or project meta-data files.
'The Software' includes image, audio, video, and data files generated by The
Software in alternative formats from the source files in The Software.
'The Software' does NOT include configuration files or saved data files
generated by The Software.

- 'The Source Material' refers to all parts of The Software, as well as images,
audio, or video depicting The Software in use.
'The Source Material' also includes all intellectual property of The Copyright
Holders which is contained in The Software, such as fictional characters or
situations.

- 'The User' refers to any Other Entities who obtain a copy of The Software or
parts of The Software.
'The User' excludes retailers, file hosting services, content delivery
networks, and digital stores or distribution services.

- 'Fan Media' refers to any media produced by Other Entities, which uses, or is
based on The Source Material.
'Fan Media' includes physical artworks which are based on The Source Material.

- 'Mods' refers to software or data produced by Other Entities, with the
intention of being used for modifying The Software.

- 'Interactive Fan Media' refers to Fan Media in the form of software, such as
video games based on The Source Material.
'Interactive Fan Media' includes Mods.

- 'The Terms' refers to the permissions, conditions, and limitations applying
to The User as shown in The License.
'The Terms' includes the rights reserved by The Copyright Holders.


2. Outline
The License details the permissions, conditions, and limitations applying to
The User, as well as the rights reserved by The Copyright Holders (The Terms).

The Terms apply to The User upon obtaining a copy of The Software, or any parts
of The Software. The Terms apply free of charge, and without express permission
from The User or The Copyright Holders.
Other Entities who do not agree to The Terms should not obtain a copy of The
Software, or any parts of The Software.


3. Permissions
- The User may produce and distribute Fan Media.
- The User may use Fan Media commercially.
- The User may produce and distribute Mods.


4. Conditions
- Fan Media must be transformative from The Source Material.
- Fan Media must contain, or be associated with easily noticeable credits that
acknowledge the Fan Media's use of The Source Material.
- Interactive Fan Media must not be used commercially.
- Mods and Fan Media must not contain significant portions of The Software.


5. Limitations
- The User must not distribute copies of The Software or any parts of The
Software.
- The User must not produce or distribute physical merchandise that uses media
contained in The Software which is copyright of The Copyright Holders.
- Other Entities, Fan Media, or Mods must not falsely suggest that they are
affiliated with The Copyright Holders or The Source Material.


6. Reserved Rights
- Sources for obtaining The Software or parts of The Software may be made
unavailable at any time by The Copyright Holders.
- The Copyright Holders may distribute The Software commercially.
- The Copyright Holders may remove, request the removal of, or take legal
action against material which infringes on the copyright of The Source
Material, or Fan Media which does not comply with The Terms.
- Any permissions that are not explicitly granted to The User may be reserved
at any time by The Copyright Holders.


7. Disclaimer
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
```

Commit message:

v0.2.0
Rename global scene to global context, and move it to its own directory, since it is unique and not exactly a scene.
Rename services to managers and move them to their own folders.
Remove music service due to its simplicity.
Add scene change method to global context.
Add save slots and save data. Saving and loading to and from disk is not yet implemented.
Add level transitions.
Add floating text.

README.md, after:

# ![Coldest Night](header.png)
_Space is lonely_  
__A stealth-focused RPG in Godot__  
__Version 0.2.0__  
__Krobbizoid Proprietary-Open Game Development License__ -
https://krobbi.github.io/license/2021/kpogdl.txt  
__Copyright &copy; 2021 Chris Roberts__ (Krobbizoid)  
_All rights reserved._

# Contents
1. [About](#about)
2. [Demo](#demo)
3. [Known Issues](#known-issues)
   * [Issues Affecting All Platforms](#issues-affecting-all-platforms)
   * [Issues Affecting MacOS](#issues-affecting-macos)
   * [Issues Affecting Windows](#issues-affecting-windows)
4. [Documentation](#documentation)
5. [Credits](#credits)
   * [Development Team](#development-team)
   * [Tools and Resources](#tools-and-resources)
6. [License](#license)

# About
Coldest Night is a stealth-focused RPG made in [Godot](https://godotengine.org).
The game is in very early development and currently only contains basic
movement, background music, a radar display, and level transitions.

Running the game creates the directories `krobbizoid/coldest_night` alongside
the Godot editor data/settings folder (in `%AppData%` on Windows). This
directory is known as `user://`.

Quitting the game creates a `settings.cfg` file in the `user://` directory. This
is an INI-style file containing display settings for the game.

# Demo
Pre-built demo versions of Coldest Night are not yet available. The Godot
project source for the game can be found in the `src/` directory of this
repository.

# Known Issues
You may encounter the following issues when running Coldest Night or using the
Godot editor:

## Issues Affecting Source Code
* Exporting the game with `Project Settings > Editor > Convert Text Resources To
Binary On Export` enabled causes some resources to not be loaded correctly.
* The level transition code is very ugly.

## Issues Affecting MacOS
* The MacOS native icons do not contain a 48x48 pixel icon image.

## Issues Affecting Windows
* Using an audio playback format with a sample rate other than 44100 Hz may
cause game audio to be distorted.

# Documentation
Documentation for Coldest Night is not yet available.

# Credits

## Development Team
__Lead Developer__ -
* [Krobbizoid (Chris Roberts)](https://twitter.com/krobbizoid)

## Tools and Resources
_The following credits list publicly-available tools and resources used in the
production of Coldest Night. These credits are not affiliated with Coldest Night
or its copyright holders._

__Game Engine__ -
* [Godot](https://godotengine.org) by
[its authors](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/blob/master/AUTHORS.md)

__Image Editor__ -
* [Krita](https://krita.org) by [KDE](https://kde.org)

__Color Palette__ -
* [Faraway48](https://lospec.com/palette-list/faraway48) by
[Igor Ferreira (Diemorth)](https://twitter.com/diemorth)

__Bitmap Font to TTF Converter__ -
* [Pixel Font Converter](https://yal.cc/r/20/pixelfont) by
[Vadim (YellowAfterlife)](https://twitter.com/yellowafterlife)

__Digital Audio Workstation__ -
* [LMMS](https://lmms.io) by
[its contributors](https://github.com/LMMS/lmms/graphs/contributors)

# License
Krobbizoid Proprietary-Open Game Development License -
https://krobbi.github.io/license/2021/kpogdl.txt

---

```
Krobbizoid Proprietary-Open Game Development License

Copyright (c) 2021 Chris Roberts
All rights reserved.

1. Definitions
- 'The License' refers to this license text, the Krobbizoid Proprietary-Open
Game Development License.

- 'The Copyright Holders' or 'COPYRIGHT HOLDERS' refers to the copyright holder
or copyright holders shown above in The License.

- 'Other Entities' refers to any person or organization other than
The Copyright Holders.

- 'The Software' or 'THE SOFTWARE' refers to any software or other files
included with or associated with The License.
'The Software' may include, but is not limited to: executable files, bundled
assets intended for use with executable files, documentation files, source
code, images, audio, video, text, configuration files, data files, and project
settings or project meta-data files.
'The Software' includes image, audio, video, and data files generated by The
Software in alternative formats from the source files in The Software.
'The Software' does NOT include configuration files or saved data files
generated by The Software.

- 'The Source Material' refers to all parts of The Software, as well as images,
audio, or video depicting The Software in use.
'The Source Material' also includes all intellectual property of The Copyright
Holders which is contained in The Software, such as fictional characters or
situations.

- 'The User' refers to any Other Entities who obtain a copy of The Software or
parts of The Software.
'The User' excludes retailers, file hosting services, content delivery
networks, and digital stores or distribution services.

- 'Fan Media' refers to any media produced by Other Entities, which uses, or is
based on The Source Material.
'Fan Media' includes physical artworks which are based on The Source Material.

- 'Mods' refers to software or data produced by Other Entities, with the
intention of being used for modifying The Software.

- 'Interactive Fan Media' refers to Fan Media in the form of software, such as
video games based on The Source Material.
'Interactive Fan Media' includes Mods.

- 'The Terms' refers to the permissions, conditions, and limitations applying
to The User as shown in The License.
'The Terms' includes the rights reserved by The Copyright Holders.


2. Outline
The License details the permissions, conditions, and limitations applying to
The User, as well as the rights reserved by The Copyright Holders (The Terms).

The Terms apply to The User upon obtaining a copy of The Software, or any parts
of The Software. The Terms apply free of charge, and without express permission
from The User or The Copyright Holders.
Other Entities who do not agree to The Terms should not obtain a copy of The
Software, or any parts of The Software.


3. Permissions
- The User may produce and distribute Fan Media.
- The User may use Fan Media commercially.
- The User may produce and distribute Mods.


4. Conditions
- Fan Media must be transformative from The Source Material.
- Fan Media must contain, or be associated with easily noticeable credits that
acknowledge the Fan Media's use of The Source Material.
- Interactive Fan Media must not be used commercially.
- Mods and Fan Media must not contain significant portions of The Software.


5. Limitations
- The User must not distribute copies of The Software or any parts of The
Software.
- The User must not produce or distribute physical merchandise that uses media
contained in The Software which is copyright of The Copyright Holders.
- Other Entities, Fan Media, or Mods must not falsely suggest that they are
affiliated with The Copyright Holders or The Source Material.


6. Reserved Rights
- Sources for obtaining The Software or parts of The Software may be made
unavailable at any time by The Copyright Holders.
- The Copyright Holders may distribute The Software commercially.
- The Copyright Holders may remove, request the removal of, or take legal
action against material which infringes on the copyright of The Source
Material, or Fan Media which does not comply with The Terms.
- Any permissions that are not explicitly granted to The User may be reserved
at any time by The Copyright Holders.


7. Disclaimer
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
```
